Update README for wheel installation (#1353)
IntelPython/dpctl: README.md

# Installing

> You can install the library as [conda](https://anaconda.org/intel/dpctl) or
> [wheel](https://pypi.org/project/dpctl/) package. It is also available in the [Intel(R)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the library using [conda](https://anaconda.org/intel/dpctl) or
[pip](https://pypi.org/project/dpctl/) package managers. It is also available in the [Intel(R)
```

conda install dpctl -c intel
```

> ## Wheel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pip
```
